one one five inbound. scope is clear.
control tower 1: space weather nominal. hyperspace signatures nominal. over.
five niner seven departing in tee minus twenty.
clear the deck and ready fire supressants. Chemical rocket craft is on approach.
keep it steady one one five.
watch your starboard distance, one eight one four. 
safe travels five niner seven.
non-emergency communications permitted on channels 5 through 16, and those channels only.
planetary customs agents on the prowl. be advised.
acknowledged control tower one.
planetside security force is activated. Something dicey going on down there.
two two five, please keep your distance from the warp gate.
warp gate tickets are available from the transit authority, planet side or on station terminal.
orbital path zero zero five is clear an available for craft insertion.
two two five, you may begin orbital insertion at zero zero five at 300 kilometers altitude.
Stay on Target.
watch that space tug, its listing a bit to its port side.
one eight one four: orbital decay detected, watch your altitude. Channel 4 if you need assistance.
Control tower one: non-emergency assistance request. docking jets not responding.
Cargo ship 8 1 2, preparing for atmospheric entry. Heading 3 1 0 mark 4 4 5 to spaceport three.
Cargo ship 8 1 2, exiting the night side.
This is Cargo ship 8 1 2, requesting tractor beam assisted docking. Approaching from heading 2 1 8 mark 7 4.
Computer's locked. ... Getting a signal.
Attention: Atmospheric storms observed. Entry is not advised. Repeat, avoid atmospheric entry until storms clear.
Watch those satellite trajectories, one eight one four.
Refuel request denied. You will have to contract a tug to bring you to the station.
Passenger craft 1 8 1 4 requesting docking bay. Over.
Requesting orbital position reservation... for... about four days.
attention 8 1 2, please transmit your full manifest.
Received, Control Tower. A S A P.
Reverse course 1 8 1 4 ! that is a restricted zone!
Star Tours flight 7 4: Endor Express approaching spaceport.
This is Control, all spacecraft be advised: solar flare is expected to reach transit space in Tee minus thirty.
Space tug en route. Stand by, spacecraft 3 6 4.
Customs and quarrantine crew requested at landing pad 9. Acknowledge.
2 3 3 it looks like you have some gas venting from starboard side, aft. ... 2 3 3 do you copy?
nav buoy alpha seven is under repair, watch your proximity.
I'm getting some weird readings here. Control? Are you seeing these fluctuations too?
Anomalous readings confirmed. ... Definitely something strange going on.
Control, I am seeing lots of interference on the scope, navigation difficult. Please advise.
A little space debris detected on approach vectors. Let's get a clean up drone out there.
departure in tea minus 30.
Copy.
Roger, wilco.
All freighter class spacecraft, please have your manifests complete and ready for inspection.
Inspection crews dispatched for freight lanes one, three, and five.
Be advised, atmospheric entry without ground control clearance is prohibited!
Warp gate diameter will permit class seven spacecraft or less. Do not approach warp gate if your craft exceeds class seven!
Freighter one nine one two, reduce speed and take a higher orbit.
Watch your scanner power levels. You are too close to the station for full power. It messes with comms and sensors on the station.
Comms channels nine and ten reserved for security and emergency personnel, keep clear of these channels.
Good piloting, 3 3 5. That was a close one.
Listen up Captains and Helmsmen: this station only permits Magnetic docking clamps. Tugs available for a fee if you do not have magnetic clamps.
Docker clearance requested, station control. Magnetic clamps at the ready.
This is five four niner. Minor medical emergency aboard. Subject is methane breather. Request expedited dock and specialist medical crew.
Orbital Patrol Officer Vallard here. Suspect detected in the area. Be advised all spacecraft.
This is Orbital Patrol Officer Vallard again: please lower your shields and prepare to be boarded.
Engines check. life support check. hyper drive check. Control systems check. clearance check... so long, everybody... this is 3 2 1 5 5,departing. over and out.
clamps disengaged. thrusters a little sluggish. moving clear, but slowly.
I need a bigger docking port, control, i'm a helmsman, not an surgeon!
Control to Wombat: that is one fine looking ship! Jealousy override engaged.
proposed approach vector: 1 3 9 mark 7 7 2, and 5 by 5. Request confirmation.
cargo manifests must be presented in galactic standard format, according to regulation 331 section F.
Planetary quarrantine protocols may require a delay, you are gonna need to contact planet side ministry for advice.
hey don't look at me! you're the one with a bulging, smoking, sparking exhaust vent!
for the last time, you guys: please lower your shields BEFORE you make it to the station docking ports!
Compliance with all planetary and galactic regulations required while within this star system.
Wait... how many parsecs did you say? With that warp drive?
Just drop it, Gordy. No more free docking! Come back when you have a chit!
well would you look at that. Look at what the cosmic cat dragged in!
sensors indicate severe vermin infestation on your vessel, 3 11 2. Docking request DENIED!
passenger craft inbound. Prepare the gangway. 
Inbound craft: Heads up, and Check your scopes. 
copy that. sequence initiated.
For those bound for the Euclid galaxy: take care and farewell. Safe travels.
I don't understand... all it says is: 16, 16, 16...
